https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13718 (#6975)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: release_notes/whats_new.adoc

* For more environment stability with default settings, the default CPU request is increased to `500m` and memory request is increased to `1024Mi` for the `thanos-compact` pod. See link:../observability/obs_config.adoc#observability-pod-capacity-requests[Observability pod capacity requests] for more details.

> * To create and mount secrets to your `alertmanager` pods for access to authorization credentials, you can add the contents to your `MultiClusterObservability` resource. See link:../observability/observability_alerts.adoc#mount-secrets-alertmanager[Mounting secrets within the Alertmanager pods].

Author: ```suggestion
* To create and mount secrets to your `alertmanager` pods for access to arbitrary content, you can add the contents to your `MultiClusterObservability` resource. See link:../observability/observability_alerts.adoc#mount-secrets-alertmanager[Mounting secrets within the Alertmanager pods].
```
